README.md, before:

# MyReads Project

This project is deployed by me to Vercel so you can access it by this link: 
* https://a-book-tracking.vercel.app

## TL;DR

To get started developing right away:

* install all project dependencies with `npm install`
* start the development server with `npm start`

## What You're Getting
```bash
├── README.md - This file.
├── SEARCH_TERMS.md # The whitelisted short collection of available search terms for you to use with your app.
├── package.json # npm package manager file. It's unlikely that you'll need to modify this.
├── public
│   ├── favicon.ico # React Icon, You may change if you wish.
│   └── index.html # DO NOT MODIFY
└── src
    ├── App.css # Styles for your app. Feel free to customize this as you desire.
    ├── App.js # This is the root of your app. Contains static HTML right now.
    ├── App.test.js # Used for testing. Provided with Create React App. Testing is encouraged, but not required.
    ├── components # This is place to customize my components
    │   ├── BookCard.js
    │   ├── BooksDetails.js
    │   ├── ListBooks.js
    │   ├── SearchBooks.js
    │   ├── BooksDetails
    │   └── Bookshelf.js
    ├── utils # Helpful functions, API for your app.
    │   ├── BooksAPI.js
    │   ├── validator.js
    ├── icons # Helpful images for your app. Use at your discretion.
    │   ├── add.svg
    │   ├── arrow-back.svg
    │   └── arrow-drop-down.svg
    ├── index.css # Global styles. You probably won't need to change anything here.
    └── index.js # You should not need to modify this file. It is used for DOM rendering only.
```

Remember that good React design practice is to create new JS files for each component and use import/require statements to include them where they are needed.

## Backend Server

To simplify your development process, we've provided a backend server for you to develop against. The provided file [`BooksAPI.js`](src/BooksAPI.js) contains the methods you will need to perform necessary operations on the backend:

* [`getAll`](#getall)
* [`update`](#update)
* [`search`](#search)

### `getAll`

Method Signature:

```js
getAll()
```

* Returns a Promise which resolves to a JSON object containing a collection of book objects.
* This collection represents the books currently in the bookshelves in your app.

### `update`

Method Signature:

```js
update(book, shelf)
```

* book: `<Object>` containing at minimum an `id` attribute
* shelf: `<String>` contains one of ["wantToRead", "currentlyReading", "read"]  
* Returns a Promise which resolves to a JSON object containing the response data of the POST request

### `search`

Method Signature:

```js
search(query, maxResults)
```

* query: `<String>`
* maxResults: `<Integer>` Due to the nature of the backend server, search results are capped at 20, even if this is set higher.
* Returns a Promise which resolves to a JSON object containing a collection of book objects.
* These books do not know which shelf they are on. They are raw results only. You'll need to make sure that books have the correct state while on the search page.

## Important
The backend API uses a fixed set of cached search results and is limited to a particular set of search terms, which can be found in [SEARCH_TERMS.md](SEARCH_TERMS.md). That list of terms are the _only_ terms that will work with the backend, so don't be surprised if your searches for Basket Weaving or Bubble Wrap don't come back with any results.

## Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app). You can find more information on how to perform common tasks [here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).
# a-book-tracking-app-udacity

Commit message:

optimize code & add prop-types

README.md, after:

# MyReads Project

This project is deployed by me to Vercel so you can access it by this link: 
* https://a-book-tracking.vercel.app

## TL;DR

To get started developing right away:

* install all project dependencies with `npm install`
* start the development server with `npm start`

## What You're Getting
```bash
├── README.md - This file.
├── SEARCH_TERMS.md # The whitelisted short collection of available search terms for you to use with your app.
├── package.json # npm package manager file. It's unlikely that you'll need to modify this.
├── public
│   ├── favicon.ico # React Icon, You may change if you wish.
│   └── index.html # DO NOT MODIFY
└── src
    ├── App.css # Styles for your app. Feel free to customize this as you desire.
    ├── App.js # This is the root of your app. Contains static HTML right now.
    ├── App.test.js # Used for testing. Provided with Create React App. Testing is encouraged, but not required.
    ├── components # This is place to customize my components
    │   ├── BookCard.js
    │   ├── BooksDetails.js
    │   ├── ListBooks.js
    │   ├── SearchBooks.js
    │   ├── BooksDetails
    │   └── Bookshelf.js
    ├── utils # Helpful functions, API for your app.
    │   ├── BooksAPI.js
    │   ├── validator.js
    │   └── useDebounce.js # this is the function to optimize my search function.
    ├── icons # Helpful images for your app. Use at your discretion.
    │   ├── add.svg
    │   ├── arrow-back.svg
    │   └── arrow-drop-down.svg
    ├── index.css # Global styles. You probably won't need to change anything here.
    └── index.js # You should not need to modify this file. It is used for DOM rendering only.
```

Remember that good React design practice is to create new JS files for each component and use import/require statements to include them where they are needed.

## Backend Server

To simplify your development process, we've provided a backend server for you to develop against. The provided file [`BooksAPI.js`](src/BooksAPI.js) contains the methods you will need to perform necessary operations on the backend:

* [`getAll`](#getall)
* [`update`](#update)
* [`search`](#search)

### `getAll`

Method Signature:

```js
getAll()
```

* Returns a Promise which resolves to a JSON object containing a collection of book objects.
* This collection represents the books currently in the bookshelves in your app.

### `update`

Method Signature:

```js
update(book, shelf)
```

* book: `<Object>` containing at minimum an `id` attribute
* shelf: `<String>` contains one of ["wantToRead", "currentlyReading", "read"]  
* Returns a Promise which resolves to a JSON object containing the response data of the POST request

### `search`

Method Signature:

```js
search(query, maxResults)
```

* query: `<String>`
* maxResults: `<Integer>` Due to the nature of the backend server, search results are capped at 20, even if this is set higher.
* Returns a Promise which resolves to a JSON object containing a collection of book objects.
* These books do not know which shelf they are on. They are raw results only. You'll need to make sure that books have the correct state while on the search page.

## Important
The backend API uses a fixed set of cached search results and is limited to a particular set of search terms, which can be found in [SEARCH_TERMS.md](SEARCH_TERMS.md). That list of terms are the _only_ terms that will work with the backend, so don't be surprised if your searches for Basket Weaving or Bubble Wrap don't come back with any results.

## Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app). You can find more information on how to perform common tasks [here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).
# a-book-tracking-app-udacity
